Bios  & copy for crimson website 2024/25 etc.

BIOS

Forest wise: director/writer/producer/editor/designer/goon/ etc./

Forest finished his first feature film, "Life Is Nice” featuring Steve Buscemi, at the tender age of 20 It did quite well considering, playing some festivals and opening in L.A. and Chicago. In his own words, it was his film school. After a great deal of fast living, he made "I'm the Elephant, U Are the Mouse", which paralleled his own life, and shot the hell out of this somewhat self-indulgent film adventure in Mexico, L.A. and Michigan. Forest and the film travelled to various film festivals in Europe. It was picked up for distribution in parts of Europe and Australia. A director’s final cut-redux of both films are on the way, to share with a new generation of film enthusiasts. 

Now living Siem Reap, Cambodia, Forest has been working with orphans and poor kids in Cambodia to try and help make their lives better. But he also decided to make three feature films, “A Cambodian Trilogy” -- “Clever Creatures®”, “Hail Tiger King®” and “Slowmotion Superstars®”. The films were shot throughout Cambodia, capturing the natural beauty that only this country can offer but also incorporating the kids and other Cambodians he has bonded with, who helped to make the films, both in front of and behind the camera. The work both drew on their real lives and taught them a craft/trade for their future. 

“Clever Creatures®” is complete and getting ready for the world, via film festivals and worldwide distribution. “Hail Tiger King®” & “Slowmotion Superstars®” are in deep 
post-production.

Forest also keeps his no time working on new and interesting projects with artists he likes and global organizations that are making a difference in the world.


Jaime Reynoso: director of photography/director
Born in Mexico City he started practicing still photography at age 16. His film set debut was as the camera trainee on the film Like Water for Chocolate. He finished his MFA in cinematography at the American Film Institute where he graduated with the short film Ex-Voto which won Best Opera Prima at the San Antonio CineFestival in 1997 and Best Artistic Composition at the Belgium Draak Film Festival in 1998. 

Reynoso has shot more than 15 feature films, numerous shorts, television commercials and music videos including top Mexican band Café Tacvba and Colombian Pop star Juanes. Curandero, a Miramax feature written by Robert Rodriguez, won him Best Cinematography at the 2006 San Antonio Cinefestival. Cansada de Besar Sapos was nominated for the Gabriel Figueroa award in 2007. Tlatelolco, summer of ’68 won Best Feature film at the Chicago International Latino FF in 2013.

A few he shot:
The New Look for Apple+ (Ben Mendelshon, Juliette Binoche)
Bloodline for Netflix (Sissy Spacek, Sam Shepard, Kyle Chandler) and Ballers (Dwayne Johnson “The Rock”) for HBO.

He has also worked with Forest in Cambodia shooting both 
Features “clever creatures®” and “hail tiger king®”.  Forest and Jaime go back a long way, collaborating on many things, over the years.

He is based in Mexico City, Paris, and the Florida keys, and works pretty much anywhere else.

tito reynoso: director of photography/director
Born in Mexico City he started practicing still photography at


Bopha Phuong Lav:  producer/fixer/translator/wardrobe
 
Born in refugee camp in Cambodia, Bopha has more stories than most storytellers have in their whole career. From the ashes the phoenix will rise.  

Bopha has worked as a fixer around Cambodia for the last years, on 3 feature films in the “a Cambodian winter' trilogy, international films shot all over Cambodia, as well as some short films. She is the a 
co-producer on both of the films.

As a fixer, she can facilitate all filming permissions, accommodations, transport requirements, temporary import/re-export of equipment and assist with the recruitment of local crew. 

Add to that her excellent contacts with leading politicians and filmmakers in the region and she can keep your production on course. Good times for everyone.

Mark Van Hoen: Composer and Sound Designer

LA based UK born Mark Van Hoen has a sonic history that is not only impressive, but to those in the know - legendary. His own brand of melancholic electronic music has been revered by fans around the globe since his first record release in the early 90’s. 

Mark's foray into the new electronic etched realms of drone and dance pop saw releases from Touch, Editions Mego, R&S, Slumberland, to Pomperipossa Records and still counting. With a wealth of notable collaborations and numerous side projects. Aurobindo: Involution was made with Seefeel's Daren Seymour, a collaboration with Slowdive's Neil Halstead and Nick Holton as Black Hearted Brother, work with Louis Sherman as Locust, Mike Harding as Drøne - to mention but a few – it’s hard to categorize his career with any brevity . 

Van Hoen’s previous (and ongoing) life as a post-production audio engineer is the base on which rests a font of flowing sonic creations and torrents of extraordinary sound.



Xxxxx not for ACW or HTK
ONLY for CRIMSONPOLARBEAR.

Frequent collaborators:

Neil Halsted: musician/film composer
Neil  is  the leader of the bands Slowdive, and Mojave 3, as well as a worldwide respected solo artist. He has made over 10  albums with many record companies: (4AD, Brushfire records, Creation) . His band Slowdive, has had nothing short of a 2nd coming, as the band has been selling out shows all over the world, 20yrs later, after their break up. 

Neil wrote original songs and scored his friend forest’s  film  "I'm the Elephant, U Are the Mouse".  As well as few other projects along the way.

Neil contributed some music on "clever creatures®” and It would seem he
will be involved in one way or another on the other projects coming our way.


James duval: actor/producer

Born in Detroit, Michigan in 1972. He moved to Los Angeles, California in 1974 where his sister Terry Duval (his only sibling) was born. 

James Duval has built a career on playing alienated, melancholic lost boys. Part of his ability to capture such alienation comes from the actor's own real-life experiences: of French, Vietnamese, Native American and Irish descent, 

Perhaps best known for his work as a black-clad muse for Gregg Araki, Totally F***ed Up,
The Doom Generation, & Nowhere.

All these films met with a degree of success on the independent circuit, further establishing Duval as one of Araki's most visible mouthpieces. 

Aside from his work with Araki, Duval has also appeared in a number of independent films, including SLC Punk and Doug Liman's Go (both 1999). He has also made the occasional foray into mainstream film, appearing in the 1996 summer blockbuster Independence Day.

And let’s not forget the bunny in “Donnie Darko” a cult classic if there ever was one.




Frequent collaborators:

And let’s not forget the

