Crimson Website: 2024/25
Some Directions:

The websites have to be cool as fuck and easy to navigate:
the purpose is, sell, market, showcase, get jobs, etc. 

ACW trilogy: with links to all the films inside the trilogy.
All 3 films with synopsis and concepts and connections: 
Take all the ACW text and change to trilogy etc… and “clever creatures”

first film trailer is? Clever creatures®

Can we have the concept as when you go from front page to next page there is a visual photo behind that?

Can we use the photos, that I have and not sure which one’s yet, will send, but put place holders there any way.

Opening page: I sent a exact example of the following titled “opening examples”

I want the color to be darker almost (black) for the navigation area.

You can use the white crimsonpolarbear logo for that left hand corner.

NAVIGATION BAR AT TOP:
A Crimson logo:
1 home page
2 The projects-3 ACW trilogy posters, then connecting to another page with all posters and synopsis and specs …all in going as one
3 About us
4 crew
5 Contact
6 Merch page- with connection to a page with coming soon, just want it there so easy when I launch it. (needs to be its own thing) Coming soon with a picture of one shirt or something

7 ) other things: sub catergories- locations. Behind scenes, whatever or maybe no save this for the –(blog, etc etc.)
Individual sites of the films.

8 Links: at bottom of page


Crimson home- title page:
An image : and logo of crimson with
The clever creatures® trailer underneath.
With the trilogy posters and explanations underneath that?
(or just that.)
Then more link to other page which is the projects all of them.


2) the projects:
films: now & finished/completed-
the Cambodian winter® trilogy ACW: what it is, etc with 3d poster logos.

Then other projects: click go to page with poster/ synopsis/ specs/ trailers whatever there is.

ACW is the first of a planned trilogy not unlike 
The concept of Francois truffaut’s “The Antoine Doinel cycle” And/or 
Satyyajit Ray’s “ The Apu Trilogy”

Pim the lead female actor in “clever creatures®” will be in all the films, as her character. Although all the films have same theme and feature Pim, they will change in tone and vibe as we get to the 3rd film “SLOWMOTION SUPERSTARS®”. “SLOWMOTION SUPERSTARS®”.” is light years ahead on a different planet as far as a the trilogy goes. “Hail Tiger King” the 2nd film in the trilogy, it is completed and will be ready for global exposure next year, 2025. “SLOWMOTION SUPERSTARS®”.” Is in post and will be ready for 2025 as well.

Follow the FINAL credits & synopsis word doc. For everything needed!

There will be like 20 projects: so not sure what’s best way to get there but easy is better. There will be a poster for each film, or project.
And below we will have synopsis and some specs depending on film, or script.
If there is trailer we will have that as well.

Make the subs in lower case: synopsis/ specs/ trailer/ etc. (all lower case)

clever creatures: ® poster and synopsis x 3 posters
I used to have a site that was intense, I would love to transfer that info to here, like a site in site, just more info then the other films outside of the trilogy.

Need link to the ACW page, where would be best place to put it?
The ACW site, will be about the trilogy and the concept, with the 3 films 
Breakdown inside the site, if that makes sense?

hail tiger king®: poster and synopsis & logo: x 1 poster or 2
I used to have a site that was intense, I would love to transfer that info to here, like a site in site, just more info then the other films outside of the trilogy.


Slowmotion superstars®: synopsis/poster/ log line really x 1 poster
I used to have a site that was intense, I would love to transfer that info to here, like a site in site, just more info then the other films outside of the trilogy.

I’m the elephant, you are the mouse: old school poster/ synopsis;\ talk about re-duxe coming very soon!
          
LIFE is NICE ®": poster &  talk about re-duxe coming very soon!

“LIFE is NICE ®":
Maybe: link to trailer or pop up window!! (do I have one??) NO I do not.

Hussy®: Life is nice 2000®: do we have a poster, yeah a shit one.
Poster & synopsis.

Woman: the world of mine

The murder hornets®

petshops: pet shop®

A meta TV show via acw world.

Developed projects- for later:
Faded young gods: only logo
Log line: part of planned anthology.

I wanna be adored: only logo
Log line: part of planned anthology.

Hustling jesus A: only logo/part poster

Cashmere sabertooth: synopsis/poster/ log line really]

The dharma cubs: synopsis/poster/ log line really

Shot out: poster & logo
Log line. And a little more talk about the planned TV series.

Always there baby: poster and log line
Was in active development some 20yrs ago
With Jean marc barr. Stellan skarsgarrd, norman redus all signing LOI to be part of it, maybe one day we do it, or sell it, or make a TV show.

Starfish& cavier: logo: and talking about being part of the all around universe. Of ACW and direct connection to the HJ series as well.

Pet shops: pet shop
Maybe: link to trailer or pop up window!!

There are more, on final credits word file.
gistics for the shoot, includng hotels, transportation and catering


3) production services: news/blog:
what is new what could be:
(need a link to


4A) about us:
what is new what could be:
(need a link to a blog space make it easy to just get on and add stuff?)
what is that going to be connected to…and how easy to put stuff up…just via facebook…

logistics for the shoot, including hotels, transportation and catering
4B) the crew bios:
Picts and bios … or sub catergories:

Add who for team+ tito…take away a few….
Steve EP can add (when I get it)

You have all the bio’s and pictures is in the folder.
logistics fr the shoot, including hotels, transportation and catering
5) news/blog:
what is new what could be:
(need a link to a blog space make it easy to just get on and add stuff?)
what is that going to be connected to…and how easy to put stuff up…just via facebook…but nothing yet…just add later….

6) other things: of whatever we want- or sub catergories:
locations.
photos of whatever we want.
Behind the scenes:
(how do we make it easy to upload, or connect it to something else?)

7) contact nonsense/contact form.
(normal stuff will always have the contact info on the site…easy to access…pop up window I would guess..

8) links: in the navigation?
hussyjr.® /devour: one day do this but have it connected with a holding page.
lovely gazelle® need a new one: one day do this but have it connected with a holding page, that we will have soon.

pet shop & friends: one day do this but have it connected with a holding page.
(forest photos..)
Make sure the logos connect to the ACW websites, etc.
ACW page
Slowmo page
Film freeway page. 

Make sure the info and mail connects to my email etc.?
All professional: 
Can you do a proper box for 
info@crimsonpolarbear.com


9) merch stuff we will sell: 
Another page, but for now it will say coming soon. hussyjr.® /devour: one day do this but have it connected with a holding page.
ACW 1979 logo visual movement: for the website: ACW.
(will send the animation)

Will do t-shirts/ coffee table book/original soundtrack on vinyl yippe
But we just put a photo and say coming soon?

IF news/blog page: (news & stuff) in the navigation bar.
Then we need to be same as the ACW one:
With a photo or trailer for the video going out in sept.

City tour with bands etc..
